Fix wrong field name in dual-stack networking page (#49821)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/dual-stack.md

1. This Service specification explicitly defines `IPv6` and `IPv4` in `.spec.ipFamilies` as well
   as defining `PreferDualStack` in `.spec.ipFamilyPolicy`. When Kubernetes assigns an IPv6 and

>    IPv4 address in `.spec.clusterIPs`, `.spec.clusterIP` is set to the IPv6 address because that is
>    the first element in the `.spec.ipFamilies` array, overriding the default.

Reviewer: Hmm. I think the original text is correct. Or you could try:
```suggestion
   IPv4 address in `.spec.clusterIPs`, Kubernetes sets `.spec.clusterIP` to the IPv6 address (because the
   IPv6 address comes first in the `.spec.clusterIPs` list).
```
